The person who drugged was too cruel
Enough to bring down a cow
Mr. Wu must be in pain
I don't know how he managed to hold on
Doctor, will he be okay?
Let him calm down first
Then we immediately went to the hospital for minor treatment
Fortunately, Mr. Gu is in good health
If it were someone else, they would have died by this time
Ok doctor
You look at Mr. Gu
I'm going to drive first
The stomach has been cleaned
It's just that some of it has been absorbed before
So there will still be some discomfort
What about after waking up?
With Mr. Gu's self-control
Not a big problem.
Tigers and wolves are very harmful
Fortunately, he is young
Not a word of what happened today can get out
If you change Mr. Gu's reputation, you know
Please rest assured.
OK
Duan Te
I met Mr. Gu outside Haitang Community
What was he doing there?
Mr. Gu
Where am I? This is the hospital
You were just drugged
Fortunately, I met a thief
Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable
Gu
Mr. Gu